Steps to train REMind:
1.	Preparation of the training and test datasets for Stage 1
Run  ‘python -m c_utilities. SG1_trainingDataset_Generation’ for generating the training/test dataset used in Stage 1 In-plane superresolution. You may need to edit the number of training dataset size upon your interest. The raw data can be accessed in the folder ‘./d_data’. You need to place your own data into ‘./d_data’ if you would like to train REMind in other materials.
2.	Preparation of the training and test datasets for Stage 2
Run  ‘python -m c_utilities. SG2_trainingDataset_Generation’. The raw data can be accessed in the folder ‘./d_data’. The raw data can be accessed in the folder ‘./d_data’, and same as SG1.
3.	The folder ‘./d_data/ sparse_FIB_SEM_low_res_stack’ is the place where you put low-resolution segmented slices obtained from FIB-SEM. For instance, ‘low_res_FIB_SEM_0.tif’ in the folder is the low-resolution FIB-SEM slice stack to be processed by the trained REMind. However, you need a bit work to transform your own slices into the data shape of the provided sample. Particularly, you need to keep the in-plane size as (img_size, (img_size + img_size/4)). For the array[:, img_size, img_size:( img_size+ img_size/4)]= ‘low-resolution slices’.
4.	All training parameters can be tuned in ‘./e_run/Parameters’. 
5.	Run ‘python -m e_run.run’ to train REMind under ‘SG1’ mode first. Here, you need to keep the flag ‘REMind_mode = ‘SG1’ in the Parameter file. Once the training is finished, run ‘python -m g_Generation.inference_generation’ to transform the low-resolution FIB-SEM data (‘./d_data/ sparse_FIB_SEM_low_res_stack’) to high-resolution FIB-SEM surfaces (./d_data/ sparse_FIB_SEM_high_res_stack). There are two types of inference functions available: the first is to test the accuracy of the model, the second is to transform sparse FIB-SEM low-resolution slices into sparse FIB-SEM high-resolution slices which will act as conditions in the ‘SG2’ mode. You can switch between ‘True’ and ‘False’ to active the function you need.
6.	Switch the flag ‘REMind_mode = ‘SG2’, run ‘python -m e_run.run’ to train the model for through-plane reconstruction. After training, run ‘python -m g_Generation.inference_generation’ by activating the function ‘sparse_to_refined_3D_thicker_sample_SG1_to_SG2’ in ‘g_Generation/inference_generation.py’. The high-resolution FIB-SEM stack will be available in the folder ‘./d_data/ refined_FIB_SEM_high_res_stack’. You can change the epoch number in Parameters to evaluate the model under different training processes.
